## Sophia
I used ChatGPT to help me decide between two React components for a dropdown menu in the upload page. It gave me insight on why I might use one over the other. It also gave code snippet examples to help me get started with implementing the components. ChatGPT was pretty useful in helping me get started with new React components, especially since it's good with getting code to work. I can see myself using ChatGPT for coding purposes later on in this project as well. Everything was detailed clearly, and I plugged in the code that it gave me and adjusted it to fit our codebase. I also verified that everything was done properly by searching up the package it introduced to me and read through that documentation.

## Gen
I used Copilot and ChatGPT to generate code snippets for the frontend. Since many of our apps have repetitive code, whether be components, style, and the use of similar imports and libraries to achieve similar functions (login, auth, database), the AI was really quick on learning the patterns and generating accurate code that is specific to our project (e.g. correct file import path, naming of custom components, understanding the purpose of our app). Overall, I had to do less tedious and repetitive work, and I was able to focus more on the logic and structure of the app. If in some cases that it generates a wrong output, I would go and read the code snippet myself, and furthermore investigate the corresponding API or library documentation to verify the code. This way, I can both learn and understand the code better, and also make sure that the code is correct and efficient.

## Gretchen
I used ChatGPT to assist in writing documentation for our MVP follow-up. More specifically, I had it summarize the most salient pieces of feedback from the other teams. This was especially useful as combing through 90+ comments proved to be a bit tedious, and there were many points that I missed or overlooked. With ChatGPT, however, I was able to pinpoint exactly what people wanted to see with our application. The summarized results were pretty accurate as well and seemed to do a great job picking out the more prominent/repeated suggestions. Through using this tool, our team was then able to come up with action items for each specific critique. This helped us significantly with planning as we knew which components needed to be worked on the most. Moving forward, ChatGPT seems like a great option to understand more about people's perceptions of our application and even help generate documentation.

## Andrew
I used AI tools like ChatGPT and GitHub Copilot to refine my React Native pages and components, optimize performance, and debug errors. ChatGPT helped me understand issues and improve structure, while Copilot provided code suggestions and fixes. By leveraging AI, I streamlined development, overcame challenges, and enhanced my closet tracker app efficiently.
